Boss is on his way back. Go and get him. He's ready.
Yeah, come to my room.
Yeah, set my people to pick you up.
Things just got more interesting.
Boss, we've got a bad feeling about Max.
He just came out of nowhere.
What makes you suspicious?
I don't trust him.
We all know what happens when people fuck with you.
Exactly.
Good job.
And how long have you been here?
Not long.
About three months.
Yeah?
What do you know about the boss?
Well, not much.
But you hear things, right?
I mean, his parents.
Let's just say he's not the type to cross.
He always gets what he wants.
And the last person that tried to get in his way.
But he takes care of us.
So, I wouldn't worry.
Unless.
The last person was slaughtered and burned to life.
You reckon history about his parents?
Yeah.